**Problem:**
You are given an integer array `nums`. The *value* of this array is defined as the sum of `|nums[i]-nums[i+1]|` for all `0 <= i < nums.length-1`.

You are allowed to select any subarray of the given array and reverse it. You can perform this operation **only once**.

Find maximum possible value of the final array.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: nums = [2,3,1,5,4]
Output: 10
Explanation: By reversing the subarray [3,1,5] the array becomes [2,5,1,3,4] whose value is 10.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: nums = [2,4,9,24,2,1,10]
Output: 68
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= nums.length <= 3*10^4`
- `-10^5 <= nums[i] <= 10^5`
**Other Solution:**
```
int maxValueAfterReverse(vector<int>& A) {
        int total = 0, res = 0, min2 = 123456, max2 = -123456, n = A.size();
        for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; ++i) {
            int a = A[i], b = A[i + 1];
            total += abs(a - b);
            res = max(res, abs(A[0] - b) - abs(a - b));
            res = max(res, abs(A[n - 1] - a) - abs(a - b));
            min2 = min(min2, max(a, b));
            max2 = max(max2, min(a, b));
        }
        return total + max(res, (max2 - min2) * 2);
    }
```
Correctness:

Assume the list is [w, x, ..., a, b, ..., c, d, ..., y, z], and we are going to reverse the subarray [b, ..., c]. In this case, there are only two situations, interval [min(a, b), max(a, b)] intersects with [min(c, d), max(c, d)] or not.

First, when interval [min(a, b), max(a, b)] intersects with [min(c, d), max(c, d)], there are still two different situations(actually four, but can be changed to two by swaping). The first is max(c, d) > max(a, b) > min(c, d) > min(a, b). In this case, the change is either [max(c, d) - min(c, d)] + [max(a, b) - min(a, b)] - [max(c, d) - max(a, b)] - [min(c, d) - min(a, b)], or [max(c, d) - min(c, d)] + [max(a, b) - min(a, b)] - [max(c, d) - min(a, b)] - [max(a, b) - min(c, d)], but both of them are negative, so we can not reverse this subarray. The second is max(a, b) > max(c, d) > min(c, d) > min(a, b), and the calculation is similar, so the result is also positive. In conclusion, the original sum is bigger than the new one.

Second, when interval [min(a, b), max(a, b)] does not intersect with [min(c, d), max(c, d)]. Assume max(c, d) > min(c, d) > max(a, b) > min(a, b). The change is either [max(c, d) - min(c, d)] + [max(a, b) - min(a, b)] - [max(c, d) - max(a, b)] - [min(c, d) - min(a, b)] or [max(c, d) - min(c, d)] + [max(a, b) - min(a, b)] - [max(c, d) - min(a, b)] - [min(c, d) - max(a, b)]. In either case, the result is negative. In conclusion, the original sum is smaller than the new one, so we should reverse when we meet this situation. If we use the sum of the new array substarcts that of the original one, we know the difference is 2 * (min(c, d) - max(a, b)).

As discussed above, we just have to find max(min(c,d) for any c, d) and min(max(a, b) for any a, b). And don't forget the boundary situation is b is nums[0] or c is nums[size - 1], where a or d may not exist.

Reference: 

https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-subarray-to-maximize-array-value/discuss/489882/O(n)-Solution-with-explanation

https://leetcode.com/problems/reverse-subarray-to-maximize-array-value/discuss/489743/JavaC%2B%2BPython-One-Pass-O(1)-Space

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(1)