**Problem:**
You are given a **0-indexed** string `s` and are tasked with finding two **non-intersecting palindromic** substrings of **odd** length such that the product of their lengths is maximized.

More formally, you want to choose four integers `i`, `j`, `k`, `l` such that `0 <= i <= j < k <= l < s.length` and both the substrings `s[i...j]` and `s[k...l]` are palindromes and have odd lengths. `s[i...j]` denotes a substring from index `i` to index `j` **inclusive**.

Return *the **maximum** possible product of the lengths of the two non-intersecting palindromic substrings.*

A **palindrome** is a string that is the same forward and backward. A **substring** is a contiguous sequence of characters in a string.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: s = "ababbb"
Output: 9
Explanation: Substrings "aba" and "bbb" are palindromes with odd length. product = 3 * 3 = 9.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: s = "zaaaxbbby"
Output: 9
Explanation: Substrings "aaa" and "bbb" are palindromes with odd length. product = 3 * 3 = 9.
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `2 <= s.length <= 105`
- `s` consists of lowercase English letters.
**Other Solution:**
```
long long maxProduct(string s) {
        long long res = 0, l = 0, n = s.size();
        vector<int> m(n), r(n);
        for (int i = 0, l = 0, r = -1; i < n; ++i) {
            int k = (i > r) ? 1 : min(m[l + r - i], r - i + 1);
            while (0 <= i - k && i + k < n && s[i - k] == s[i + k])
                k++;
            m[i] = k--;
            if (i + k > r) {
                l = i - k;
                r = i + k;
            }
        }
        queue<array<int, 2>> q, q1;
        for (int i = n - 1; i >= 0; --i) {
            while (!q.empty() && q.front()[0] - q.front()[1] > i - 1)
                q.pop();
            r[i] = 1 + (q.empty() ? 0 : (q.front()[0] - i) * 2);
            q.push({i, m[i]});
        }
        for (int i = 0; i < n - 1; i += 1) {
            while (!q1.empty() && q1.front()[0] + q1.front()[1] < i + 1)
                q1.pop();
            l = max(l, 1ll + (q1.empty() ? 0 : (i - q1.front()[0]) * 2));
            res = max(res, l * r[i + 1]);
            q1.push({i, m[i]});
        }
        return res;
    }
```
Correctness:


Finding the longest palindrome in [i, j] is trivial using quadratic DP. Then, we can just find the biggest product of [0, i] * [i + 1, n), moving the split point i left-to-right. However, quadratic would be too slow for n = 100,000.Manacher's algorithm (easy to find online) can identify all palindromes in O(n). It has two flavors for finding odd and even palindromes. Fortunately, we only care about odd palindromes here, which is the simpler case.For each position as the center of the palindrome, the algorithm finds how far the palindrome extends left and right. For example, for string "aaabaaaba", the result will be [1, 2, 1, 4, 1, 2, 2]. And true - from position 3, the palindrome extends 4 characters (the initial character is included) left and right, giving us "aaabaaa".This output needs additional massaging to tell the longest palindrome in [0, i] and [i + 1, n). Re-using the above example, we are looking for something like this:Left-to-right ([0, i]): [1, 1, 3, 3, 3, 5, 7, 7, 7]Right-to-left ([i, n]): [7, 7, 7, 5, 3, 3, 3, 1, 1]For this example, the maximum product is 15, with parts being [0, 2] and [3, 8]: 3 * 5.

Complexity:

Time: O($n^2$)
Space: O(n)