**Problem:**
Given a string `n` representing an integer, return *the closest integer (not including itself), which is a palindrome*. If there is a tie, return ***the smaller one***.

The closest is defined as the absolute difference minimized between two integers.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: n = "123"
Output: "121"
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: n = "1"
Output: "0"
Explanation: 0 and 2 are the closest palindromes but we return the smallest which is 0.
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= n.length <= 18`
- `n` consists of only digits.
- `n` does not have leading zeros.
- `n` is representing an integer in the range `[1, 1018 - 1]`.
**Other Solution:**
```
string nearestPalindromic(string n) {
        if(n.length()==1) return to_string(stoi(n)-1); 
   
       int digits=n.length();
       vector<long>candidates;
       candidates.push_back(pow(10,digits-1)-1);
       candidates.push_back(pow(10,digits)+1);

       int mid=(digits+1)/2;
       long prefix=stol(n.substr(0,mid));
       vector<long>v={prefix,prefix+1,prefix-1};
       for(long i:v)
       {
           string postfix=to_string(i);
           if(digits%2!=0) postfix.pop_back();
           reverse(postfix.begin(),postfix.end());
           string c=to_string(i)+postfix;
           candidates.push_back(stol(c));
       }
       long mindiff=LONG_MAX;long result;long num=stol(n);
       for(int i=0;i<5;i++)
       {
           if(candidates[i]!=num&&abs(candidates[i]-num)<mindiff)
           {
               mindiff=abs(candidates[i]-num);
               result=candidates[i];
           }
           else if(abs(candidates[i]-num)==mindiff) result=min(result,candidates[i]);
       }
        return to_string(result);
    }
```
Correctness:

For any number, there are 5 cases. For example, the number is 4723. Case1, The next closest palidrome has one digit extra : So here it will be 10001. Case2, The next closest palindrome has one digit less: So here it will be 999. Case3, The next closest palidrome has the same number of digits: Case3-1, The middle digit remains same.Postfix is the mirror image of prefix. So here 47(prefix)74(postfix)-->4774. Case3-2, The middle digit increases by 1.Postfix is the mirror image of prefix. So here 4884. Case3-3, The middle digit decreases by 1.Postfix is the mirror image of prefix. So here 4664.

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(n)