**Problem:**
You are given two strings `stamp` and `target`. Initially, there is a string `s` of length `target.length` with all `s[i] == '?'`.

In one turn, you can place `stamp` over `s` and replace every letter in the `s` with the corresponding letter from `stamp`.

- For example, if

   

  ```
  stamp = "abc"
  ```

   

  and

   

  ```
  target = "abcba"
  ```

  , then

   

  ```
  s
  ```

   

  is

   

  ```
  "?????"
  ```

   

  initially. In one turn you can:

  - place `stamp` at index `0` of `s` to obtain `"abc??"`,
  - place `stamp` at index `1` of `s` to obtain `"?abc?"`, or
  - place `stamp` at index `2` of `s` to obtain `"??abc"`.

  Note that

   

  ```
  stamp
  ```

   

  must be fully contained in the boundaries of

   

  ```
  s
  ```

   

  in order to stamp (i.e., you cannot place

   

  ```
  stamp
  ```

   

  at index

   

  ```
  3
  ```

   

  of

   

  ```
  s
  ```

  ).

We want to convert `s` to `target` using **at most** `10 * target.length` turns.

Return *an array of the index of the left-most letter being stamped at each turn*. If we cannot obtain `target` from `s` within `10 * target.length` turns, return an empty array.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: stamp = "abc", target = "ababc"
Output: [0,2]
Explanation: Initially s = "?????".
- Place stamp at index 0 to get "abc??".
- Place stamp at index 2 to get "ababc".
[1,0,2] would also be accepted as an answer, as well as some other answers.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: stamp = "abca", target = "aabcaca"
Output: [3,0,1]
Explanation: Initially s = "???????".
- Place stamp at index 3 to get "???abca".
- Place stamp at index 0 to get "abcabca".
- Place stamp at index 1 to get "aabcaca".
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= stamp.length <= target.length <= 1000`
- `stamp` and `target` consist of lowercase English letters.
**Other Solution:**
```
vector<int> movesToStamp(string S, string T) {
        if (S == T) return {0};
        int slen = S.size(), tlen = T.size() - slen + 1, i, j;
        vector<int> ans;
        bool tdiff = true, sdiff;
        while (tdiff)
            for (i = 0, tdiff = false; i < tlen; i++) {
                for (j = 0, sdiff = false; j < slen; j++)
                    if (T[i+j] == '*') continue;
                    else if (T[i+j] != S[j]) break;
                    else sdiff = true;
                if (j == slen && sdiff) {
                    for (j = i, tdiff = true; j < slen + i; j++)
                        T[j] = '*';
                    ans.push_back(i);
                }
            }
        for (i = 0; i < T.size(); i++) if (T[i] != '*') return {};
        reverse(ans.begin(), ans.end());
        return ans;
    }
```
Correctness:

For this problem, it's easier to think of the target array (T) as being composed of layers of stamps (S). Since T represents the finished product of all the stamps, we'll need to reverse the process and peel off one layer at a time. 
So we'll need to iterate through T a number of times, finding and removing any full instances of S. Once we're past the initial pass, we can use character masks to find partial matches for S on each remaining pass.
To speed things up, we should avoid a replacement if the partial match is actually the complete mask (ie, " * * * "), as nothing actually changed (sdiff = false). Then we should continue until we finish a pass without making any changes (tdiff = false).At that point, if the remaining T is all masked, we can return our answer array (ans), otherwise we should return an empty array. Since we're locating the stamp indexes in reverse order, we should either insert each newly-found index at the beginning of ans, or we should push them to the end and then reverse ans before we return it.

Complexity:

Time: O($n^2$)
Space: O(1)