**Problem:**
On an **infinite** number line, the position of the i-th stone is given by `stones[i]`. Call a stone an *endpoint stone* if it has the smallest or largest position.

Each turn, you pick up an endpoint stone and move it to an unoccupied position so that it is no longer an endpoint stone.

In particular, if the stones are at say, `stones = [1,2,5]`, you **cannot** move the endpoint stone at position 5, since moving it to any position (such as 0, or 3) will still keep that stone as an endpoint stone.

The game ends when you cannot make any more moves, ie. the stones are in consecutive positions.

When the game ends, what is the minimum and maximum number of moves that you could have made? Return the answer as an length 2 array: `answer = [minimum_moves, maximum_moves]`

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: [7,4,9]
Output: [1,2]
Explanation: 
We can move 4 -> 8 for one move to finish the game.
Or, we can move 9 -> 5, 4 -> 6 for two moves to finish the game.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: [6,5,4,3,10]
Output: [2,3]
We can move 3 -> 8 then 10 -> 7 to finish the game.
Or, we can move 3 -> 7, 4 -> 8, 5 -> 9 to finish the game.
Notice we cannot move 10 -> 2 to finish the game, because that would be an illegal move.
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: [100,101,104,102,103]
Output: [0,0]
```

 

**Note:**

1. `3 <= stones.length <= 10^4`
2. `1 <= stones[i] <= 10^9`
3. `stones[i]` have distinct values.
**Other Solution:**
```
vector<int> numMovesStonesII(vector<int>& A) {
       int n = A.size();  //number of stones
        
       sort(A.begin(), A.end());
       int max_moves = max(A[n-1] - A[1] -n + 1, A[n-2] -  A[0] - n + 1) + 1;
       int start = 0, end = 0, min_moves = n; 
       while(end < n) {
           int window_size = A[end] - A[start] + 1;
           int stone_count = end - start + 1;
           
           if(window_size > n) {
               start++;
               continue;
           }
           
           if(window_size == n-1 and stone_count == n-1) {
               min_moves = min(min_moves, 2);
           }
           else
               min_moves = min(min_moves, n - stone_count);
           
           end++;
       }
        return {min_moves, max_moves};
    }
```
Correctness:

To find the maximum movements, we should consider to move the stones one step by one step. For example, for [1, 2, 99, 100], we should first move 1 to the index behind 2. And then move 2 to the index behind 1. After iterating this, we can get the max movements. The number is A[n - 1] - A[0] - n + 1, because we use stones to enter each indices between the smallest index and the biggest index(the one that is not empty could be ignored).

However, It's not common that the first two elements are neighbours, so do the last two. In this case, we can not move them alternatively. In stead, we should first move the first element to the right blank of the second stones(not necessary to be only one stone, could be a series of stones, because endpoint could not be endpoint again after moving. We can not put the first stone at the left of the second stone. If we want to put it as the right neighbour of the second one, we should consider whether there are other stones there). After doing so, we can get the first situation. And the movement is A[n - 1] - A[1] - n + 2. It's the same with the last two elements. And we should find the max movements between them.

To find the min movements, we should consider that if we find a blank that its size is smaller than the number of the stones, we can put all other stones between them or on the other side of them. In this case, for each pair of stones that their distance is smaller than the number of stones, we should check how many movements should we do, i.e. the total number of stones - the number of stones that are already in the right place(the ones are in this distance), which is n - (j - i + 1), where j > i.

However, for this situation, we can find an exception. For [3, 4, 5, 10], we could not put 10 at the index 6, because the endpoint could not be endpoint after moving. Instead, we should put 10 at 7 and put 3 at 6. Under this circumstance, we know the rule is not stated above. The situation is we have n - 1 consecutive stones. To put the last one to the end, we should move two stones, so the min movement is between 2 and n - (j - i + 1).

Complexity:

Time: O(nlogn)
Space: O(1)