**Problem:**
Given an integer array `nums`, find a contiguous non-empty subarray within the array that has the largest product, and return *the product*.

It is **guaranteed** that the answer will fit in a **32-bit** integer.

A **subarray** is a contiguous subsequence of the array.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: nums = [2,3,-2,4]
Output: 6
Explanation: [2,3] has the largest product 6.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: nums = [-2,0,-1]
Output: 0
Explanation: The result cannot be 2, because [-2,-1] is not a subarray.
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= nums.length <= 2 * 104`
- `-10 <= nums[i] <= 10`
- The product of any prefix or suffix of `nums` is **guaranteed** to fit in a **32-bit** integer.
**Other Solution:**
```
int maxProduct(vector<int>& nums) {
        int curmax = nums[0];
        int curmin = nums[0];
        int maxproduct = nums[0];
        for (int i = 1; i < nums.size(); i++) {
            int tmpmax = curmax;
            int tmpmin = curmin;
            curmax = max(curmax * nums[i], nums[i]);
            curmax = max(curmax, tmpmin * nums[i]);
            maxproduct = max(maxproduct, curmax);
            curmin = min(tmpmax * nums[i], curmin * nums[i]);
            curmin = min(curmin, nums[i]);
        }
        return maxproduct;
    }
```
Correctness:

The idea is similar with problem 53 Maximum Subarray. However, multiply is not like plus because when we multiply a negative number, the sign of the number will change. In that case, the smallest product now can multiply a negative number next to it and become the biggest product.

As discussed before, we can't only save the max product but also save the min product now. 

When we scan the array, we should compare three numbers to get the max and min product. The first number is max product * the number we check now, the second number is the number we check now, and the final number is min product * the number we check now. 

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(1)