**Problem:**
Given an array of integers `nums` containing `n + 1` integers where each integer is in the range `[1, n]` inclusive.

There is only **one repeated number** in `nums`, return *this repeated number*.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: nums = [1,3,4,2,2]
Output: 2
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: nums = [3,1,3,4,2]
Output: 3
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: nums = [1,1]
Output: 1
```

**Example 4:**

```
Input: nums = [1,1,2]
Output: 1
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `2 <= n <= 3 * 104`
- `nums.length == n + 1`
- `1 <= nums[i] <= n`
- All the integers in `nums` appear only **once** except for **precisely one integer** which appears **two or more** times.

 

**Follow up:**

- How can we prove that at least one duplicate number must exist in `nums`?
- Can you solve the problem **without** modifying the array `nums`?
- Can you solve the problem using only constant, `O(1)` extra space?
- Can you solve the problem with runtime complexity less than `O(n2)`?
**My Solution:**
```
int findDuplicate(vector<int>& nums) {
        int tmp = -1;
        for (int i = 0; i < nums.size(); i++) {
            if (nums[i] != i + 1) {
                swap(nums[nums[i] - 1], nums[i]);
                if (tmp == nums[i]) {
                    return tmp;
                }
                tmp = nums[i];
                i--;
            }
        }

        return -1;
    }
```

Correctness:

This algorithm is like problem 268 Missing Number. We can swap all the number to the right position (nums[i] = i + 1), and if we find there are two numbers are equal, we can return this number.

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(1)
**Other Solution:**
```
int findDuplicate(vector<int>& nums) {
        int slow = nums[0];
        int fast = nums[0];
        do {
            slow = nums[slow];
            fast = nums[nums[fast]];
        } while (slow != fast);
        fast = nums[0];
        while (fast != slow) {
            slow = nums[slow];
            fast = nums[fast];
        }
        return fast;
    }
```
Correctnes:

This idea is a brilliant which can be used in many circle problem.

Since there is only one repeated number in nums and all the numbers are in the range [1, n], we know nums[i], nums[nums[i], nums[nums[nums[i]]], ..., will form a circle in this array at some point(We can start from index 0, and we know the value in this blank is not equal to the index, so we can jump to another blank. In the new blank, if the index is equal to value, we know we find the repeated number because the value is the same as the one at index 0. If the index is not equal to the value, we can jump to a new array, so the worst case is we jump all the indices and jump back to a blank we have went to, that is, a circle). We assume the length of this circle is C(we know C must be smaller than the size of this array——n + 1). Also, we may have to go K steps from the begining to the circle, which means K is also smaller than n + 1.

This algorithm contains two phases. First, we put two pointers at the beginning and the speed of the fast pointer is twice as that of the slow pointer, so when the slow pointer walks K steps and reaches the begining of the circle from the beginning, the fast pointer has already entered in the circle and moved K steps in the circle.

At this point, the slow pointer is at the begining of the circle, whereas the fast pointer is at (K % C) of the circle, so the gap between the two is (C - (K % C)). Since the speed of the fast is twice as the slow, we know if they continue going, the fast will catch the slow after slow moving (C - (K % C)) from the beginning of the circle.

In the second phase, we put the fast at the beginning of the array and let it catch the slow again. When fast catches slow again, we'll know this point is the beginning of the circle. Also, this time, their speed has to be the same.

We know the beginning of the array is K steps behind the beginning, so the fast has to move K steps, so does the slow. In this case, the slow will move (C - (K % C) + K) steps in total in the circle and (C - (K % C) + K) = (C - (K % C) + K) % C = 0 - (K % C) % C + (K % C) = 0, so when we meet again, they are at the begining of the loop, which is the repeated number's position.

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(1)