**Problem:**

Implement **next permutation**, which rearranges numbers into the lexicographically next greater permutation of numbers.

If such an arrangement is not possible, it must rearrange it as the lowest possible order (i.e., sorted in ascending order).

The replacement must be **[in place](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/In-place_algorithm)** and use only constant extra memory.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: nums = [1,2,3]
Output: [1,3,2]
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: nums = [3,2,1]
Output: [1,2,3]
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: nums = [1,1,5]
Output: [1,5,1]
```

**Example 4:**

```
Input: nums = [1]
Output: [1]
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= nums.length <= 100`
- `0 <= nums[i] <= 100`



**Other Solution:**
```
void nextPermutation(vector<int>& nums) {
        int left;
        int right;
        int size = nums.size();
        bool flag = false;
        int tmp;
        for (int i = size - 1; i > 0; i--) {
            if (nums[i] > nums[i - 1]) {
                left = i - 1;
                flag = true;
                break;
            }
        }
        if (!flag) {
            sort(nums.begin(), nums.end());
            return;
        }
        for (int i = size - 1; i >= 0; i--) {
            if (nums[i] > nums[left]) {
                right = i;
                break;
            }
        }
        tmp = nums[left];
        nums[left] = nums[right];
        nums[right] = tmp;
        sort(nums.begin()+ left + 1, nums.end());
    }
```

Correctness:

According to the problem, we should find the least number that is bigger than the number now from n! numbers.

In that case, the necessary way to find the number is to change the order of the numbers from the low bits to the high bits.

We should search the array from right to left and find the number i that is smaller than number i + 1, because as we discussed, we should reorder some of the numbers to get a slight bigger than now. If we find this number, we know that in the range [i, end], by changing the number at i with other bigger number, we can get a bigger number.

Inspired by this thought, we should scan the array from right to left again to find a bigger number in [i, end] that is bigger than number i. By switching them, we can get a bigger than now.

However, after this step, the number we get may not be the correct one. As we all know, the relationship of size depends both on the high bits and the low bits and by doing former step, we get a bigger high bit. In order to get a slighter number, we should set the low bits as the smallest one.

For example, if the number is 132549876, the number i should be 4. The first number that is bigger than 4 from right to left in the array is 6, so we switch 4 and 6 to get 132569874. Apparently, it's not the number that we want because 132568974, 132567984 and many numbers are smaller than it. As we all know, the high bit is more important than the low bit when it comes to the relation of size, so if we rearrange 9874 to 4789, we can get the smallest number in this condition. Finally, we get the correct number 132564789.

Complexity:

Time: O(nlogn)
Space: O(1)