**Problem:**
Given a characters array `tasks`, representing the tasks a CPU needs to do, where each letter represents a different task. Tasks could be done in any order. Each task is done in one unit of time. For each unit of time, the CPU could complete either one task or just be idle.

However, there is a non-negative integer `n` that represents the cooldown period between two **same tasks** (the same letter in the array), that is that there must be at least `n` units of time between any two same tasks.

Return *the least number of units of times that the CPU will take to finish all the given tasks*.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: tasks = ["A","A","A","B","B","B"], n = 2
Output: 8
Explanation: 
A -> B -> idle -> A -> B -> idle -> A -> B
There is at least 2 units of time between any two same tasks.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: tasks = ["A","A","A","B","B","B"], n = 0
Output: 6
Explanation: On this case any permutation of size 6 would work since n = 0.
["A","A","A","B","B","B"]
["A","B","A","B","A","B"]
["B","B","B","A","A","A"]
...
And so on.
```

**Example 3:**

```
Input: tasks = ["A","A","A","A","A","A","B","C","D","E","F","G"], n = 2
Output: 16
Explanation: 
One possible solution is
A -> B -> C -> A -> D -> E -> A -> F -> G -> A -> idle -> idle -> A -> idle -> idle -> A
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= task.length <= 104`
- `tasks[i]` is upper-case English letter.
- The integer `n` is in the range `[0, 100]`.
**Other Solution:**
```
int leastInterval(vector<char>& tasks, int n) {
        unordered_map<char, int> umap;    
        for (int i = 0; i < tasks.size(); i++) {
            umap[tasks[i]] += 1;
        } 
        int maxcount = 0;
        int maxfreq = 0;
        for (int i = 'A'; i <= 'Z'; i++) {
            if (maxfreq < umap[i]) {
                maxfreq = umap[i];
                maxcount = 0;
            }
            if (maxfreq == umap[i]) {
                maxcount++;
            }
        }
        int chunks = maxfreq - 1;
        int task_in_chunks = n + 1;
        int result = chunks * task_in_chunks + maxcount;
        if (result > tasks.size()) {
            return result;
        }
        else {
            return tasks.size();
        }
    }
```
Correctness:

The basic idea is that we should firstly put the tasks which has the maximum number in the queue since if the cooldown is too long, we can use other tasks to make use of this gap time. 

Based on the idea, we can arrange some chunks(the number is equal to the number of the max task) and put the max task as the head of every chunks. In this case, other task(the order is according to their quantity) can be put as this way(put all the same tasks in every chunks, if the number is not enough, we start from the first chunk and use another task to do the same thing). For example, tasks = ['A', 'A', 'A', 'B', 'B', 'C'], n = 2. First, we put A in all the chunks, it's like AXXAXXAXX, then we put B in all the chunks, it's like ABXABXAXX, finally, we put C in all the chunks, it's like ABCABXAXX.

In this case, we can calculate the total time. First, we should calculate the number of chunks(max frequency of tasks). Then we should calculate number of tasks in a chunk(n + 1). Finally, as we know, the finally chunk may not be fully because it need not wait to do other tasks, so we should calculate the number of taks whose frequency is the same as the max one and put them in the last chunk. The total waiting time is chunks * task_in_chunks + number_of_max_frequency. And we also know, since every task task at least one time, the time we calculate should be larger than the size of the task array.

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(n)