**Problem:**
Given an array `nums` with `n` integers, your task is to check if it could become non-decreasing by modifying **at most one element**.

We define an array is non-decreasing if `nums[i] <= nums[i + 1]` holds for every `i` (**0-based**) such that (`0 <= i <= n - 2`).

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: nums = [4,2,3]
Output: true
Explanation: You could modify the first 4 to 1 to get a non-decreasing array.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: nums = [4,2,1]
Output: false
Explanation: You can't get a non-decreasing array by modify at most one element.
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `n == nums.length`
- `1 <= n <= 104`
- `-105 <= nums[i] <= 105`
**Other Solution:**
```
bool checkPossibility(vector<int>& nums) {
        int count = 0;
        for (int i = 1; i < nums.size(); i++) {
            if (nums[i] < nums[i - 1]) {
                count++;
                if (i < 2 || nums[i - 2] <= nums[i]) {
                    nums[i - 1] = nums[i];
                }
                else {
                    nums[i] = nums[i - 1];
                }   
            }
            if (count >= 2) {
                return false;
            }
        }
        return true;
    }
```
Correctness:

Since there is at most one violation in this non-decreasing array, the intuition is that we should check whether there is nums[i] < nums[i - 1]. However, it's not enough because we don't know who is the violation(nums[i] or nums[i - 1]). If we change one of them in the "correct" way we think, we may make mistake. For example, [3, 4, 5, 3, 6], when i is 3, nums[i] == 3 and nums[i - 1] == 5, we know we should change nums[i] to 5, but for [3, 4, 5, 4, 4], when i is also 3, we should change nums[i - 1] to 4. In this case, we should actually check one more element to see what we should do.

Based on this, there are two ways to solve this problem. The first one is that we make sure every element we have visited correct, which means we check nums[i], nums[i - 1], nums[i - 2]. If nums[i - 1] > nums[i], we know there's violation. Then we should check the relation between nums[i] and nums[i - 2]. If nums[i - 2] is larger than nums[i], we know nums[i - 1] >= nums[i - 2] > nums[i] (nums[i - 1] must be larger than or equal to nums[i - 2] since we have already check it). Under this circumstance, we can change nums[i] to nums[i - 1]. Otherwsie, we should change nums[i - 1] to nums[i] (to make sure the number behind nums[i] will not be violated by our change).

The second one is based on the idea that it's always not to change the input, so we can check nums[i], nums[i - 1], nums[i - 2] and nums[i - 1], nums[i], nums[i + 1] (As we discussed before). If there's violation, they should satisfy nums[i] < nums[i - 1]. Then we check nums[i - 2]. If nums[i] > nums[i - 2], we can change nums[i - 1] without making more violation (now nums[i] and nums[i - 2] should be seen as settled. Then we can know no matter how we change nums[i - 1], we will not cause nums[i -3] or nums[i + 1] violation). Also, we should check nums[i + 1]. If nums[i + 1] > nums[i - 1], we can change nums[i] without making more violation. Otherwise, we can returen false.

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(1)