**Problem:**
Given an array of integers arr, find the sum of `min(b)`, where `b` ranges over every (contiguous) subarray of `arr`. Since the answer may be large, return the answer **modulo** `109 + 7`.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: arr = [3,1,2,4]
Output: 17
Explanation: 
Subarrays are [3], [1], [2], [4], [3,1], [1,2], [2,4], [3,1,2], [1,2,4], [3,1,2,4]. 
Minimums are 3, 1, 2, 4, 1, 1, 2, 1, 1, 1.
Sum is 17.
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: arr = [11,81,94,43,3]
Output: 444
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `1 <= arr.length <= 3 * 104`
- `1 <= arr[i] <= 3 * 104`
**Other Solution:**
```
int sumSubarrayMins(vector<int> A) {
        long res = 0, n = A.size(), mod = 1e9 + 7, j, k;
        stack<int> s;
        for (int i = 0; i <= n; ++i) {
            while (!s.empty() && A[s.top()] > (i == n ? 0 : A[i])) {
                j = s.top(), s.pop();
                k = s.empty() ? -1 : s.top();
                res = (res + (long)A[j] * (i - j) * (j - k)) % mod;
            }
            s.push(i);
        }
        return res;
    }
```
Correctness:

To solve this problem, we know we should find a equation like this: result = sum(A[i], f(i)), where f(i) is the number of subarrays and A[i] is the minimum. To get f(i), we should check the left and right continuous subarraies that contain bigger numbers than A[i]. In this case, we know left[i] + 1 will be the number of subarraies ending with A[i] and A[i] is the minimum. right[i] + 1 will be the number of subarraies starting with A[i] and A[i] is the minimum. And then we can get f(i) = (left[i] + 1) * (right[i] + 1)

Since we want to find the "valley" of the array, we should use increasing stack.

We first push the number that is bigger than the top of the stack. And if we find a number i that is bigger than the top of the stack, we know this number must be the right boundary of the top of the stack. Now we should pop the top of the stack and let it be current number. Due to the process, we know now the top of the stack must be the first smaller number in the left of the current than the current number (We pop all the bigger number). In this case, by calculating i - j, we can get right + 1 for j, and by calculating j - k, w ecan get left + 1 for j.

After scanning this array, we can get the result.

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(n)