**Problem:**
Given an array `nums` of size `n`, return *the majority element*.

The majority element is the element that appears more than `⌊n / 2⌋` times. You may assume that the majority element always exists in the array.

 

**Example 1:**

```
Input: nums = [3,2,3]
Output: 3
```

**Example 2:**

```
Input: nums = [2,2,1,1,1,2,2]
Output: 2
```

 

**Constraints:**

- `n == nums.length`
- `1 <= n <= 5 * 104`
- `-231 <= nums[i] <= 231 - 1`

 

**Follow-up:** Could you solve the problem in linear time and in `O(1)` space?
**Other Solution 1:**
```
int majorityElement(vector<int>& nums) {
        int count = 0;
        int result = nums[0];
        for (int i = 0; i < nums.size(); i++) {
            if (count == 0) {
                result = nums[i];
            }
            count += (nums[i] == result) ? 1 : -1;
        }
        return result;
    }
```
Correctness:

This algorithm is called Boyer-Moore Voting Algorithm. We can imagine there is a war and each number represents its team number. When different number meets, they will fight each other and be dropped. The one that left is the team with more than $\frac{n}{2}$ numbers.

When the count is 0, we meet a number, then now the largest team is that. After that, we can continue to scan, if we find number that is equal to it, we can get more team members. However, if we meet members from other team, we should let some of our members to fight them.

Since the majority element team has more than $\frac{n}{2}$, then after scanning, we can have at least one member in majority element team left. In that case, this one's number is the one we want.

Besides, if there might be no majority element, we can use another one-pass to count the number we select from the first one-pass to check whether it's the one.

Complexity:

Time: O(n)
Space: O(1)

**Other Solution 2:**
Also, we can use sort to find the majority element because the majority element contains more than $\frac{n}{2}$ numbers. If number i is our majority element and is the smallest number in the array, we will know the wrost case is that the last number i of the group should be the $\frac{n}{2}$ in the whole array. Also, if the number i is the largest number in the array, we will know the first number i of this group should be the $\frac{n}{2}$. In that case, we'll know if there's a majority element, after sorting, it must be the one at $\frac{n}{2}$.

By using this idea, we can also use quick-sort algorithm to perform nth-smallest number in this array to find the majority element.

**Other Solution 3:**
This idea might be confusing because it's a random algorithm. Since we know the mojority element occupy more than $\frac{n}{2}$ indices in the array, if we randomly select a number from the array, the expection of getting the majority number from the array is 2, which means we may randomly select a number from this array at most twice to find this majority number. It's very interesting.